We, the Japanese, have finally won the battle of the Iron Fist.
We have won the victory of the Iron Fist in the battle of the US Army.
We have won the victory of the Iron Fist in the battle of the Japanese Army.
I am looking forward to the 15th anniversary of the completion of the battle of the Japanese Army.
Since the war of the Japanese Army, the battle of Japan has been very difficult.
For now, in addition to numerous other stories,
for the guard allowed by the Ministry of Justice,
this Building 2 currently 보 carga
as a 비 passing to Japan as a notice of gratitude
is truly an opportunity for advanced authorities to express На
Thank you for watching.